# This mobile APP ChainX is redesigned and implemented in GSoC 2021 program.

## Project introduction

This project is to track the supply chain of food products.
As of now, there are a variety of food products are in the market. Some of them are raw foods (Rice, Dhal, etc). Some of them are processed food by using a set of ingredients (Noodles, Yoghurt, etc). Various products are made with different ingredients. When buying a product customer doesn't have an option to track the supply chain of this product's ingredients. It is beneficial for consumers because they know what are ingredients included in this product.
This section belongs to the mobile application.

### This project will
- Show the tracked details to the consumer
- Also, it will show other related information

### Features
- Users can search for a product by
Typing the product name
By scanning the barcode
- User can select the batch details of the product (by using the product batch number).
- Basic details will be shown about the product
  1) Name/Brand
  2) Company
  3) Country of origin
  4) Barcode
- Furthermore, the following details will be provided
  1) Ingredients (Batch Wise)
  2) Nutrition (Batch Wise)
  3) Supplier details (Batch Wise)
  4) Legal orders
  5) User feedback & rating


## My contribution

I was required to design the project and implement it. I have implemented all of the above functionality, UI designs from the scratch. And I was able to write unit tests for the codebase. Also, tests were carried out with a mock data server written in Flask. And it is committed to this codebase under the `MOCKSERVER` folder.

## How to run
1) Start the mock server `python3 server.py` (You may need to install flask python library)
2) See the MockServer folder ReadMe.
3) npm install / yarn
4) Change the src/config/index.js file `DATA_API_HOST_URL` to the server IP address.
5) expo start
6) For the Barcode scan feature, you may need to run the app on the *Mobile* device.
